README.md, before:

# YATGram — Unofficial Telegram Messenger for Android
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/et-ness/YATGram/main/TMessagesProj/src/main/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi/ic_launcher.png) 
YATGram is a fork of the unofficial Telegram Fork Client

[![Build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/et-ness/YATGram/build.yml?branch=main&event=push&logo=github&label=Build)](https://github.com/et-ness/YATGram/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=event%3Apush+branch%3Amain+is%3Acompleted) [![Download](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/et-ness/YATGram?color=orange&logoColor=orange&label=Download&logo=DocuSign)](https://github.com/et-ness/YATGram/releases/latest) [![Total](https://shields.io/github/downloads/et-ness/YATGram/total?logo=Bookmeter&label=Counts&logoColor=yellow&color=yellow)](https://github.com/et-ness/YATGram/releases) [![TotalLatest](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/et-ness/YATGram/latest/total?label=Counts%20for%20latest&logo=Bookmeter)](https://github.com/et-ness/YATGram/releases/latest)

## Credits:
- [Forkgram/Fork Client](https://github.com/forkgram/TelegramAndroid) principal fork of this proect
- [Nekox](https://github.com/NekoX-Dev/NekoX) unlimited accounts, qrlogin and others
- [Nagram](https://github.com/NextAlone/Nagram) Improvements of nekox's patch
- [MercuryGram](https://github.com/drizzt/Mercurygram) some patches
- [Telegram-FOSS](https://github.com/Telegram-FOSS-Team/Telegram-FOSS) Base of Forkgram
- [Official Telegram](https://github.com/DrKLO/Telegram) All updates of Telegram Android

## Features:
- All features of ForkGram/Fork Client
- Unlimited acccounts
- Fix of delete for everyone
- QR Login
- Changed order of buttons in Chat

### Privacy Features:
- All features of ForkGram/Fork Client less show number in ProfileCell

Commit message:

New feature and update README
Allow to bypass restricted contents in chat where is not allowed.
There are channels where is not allowed capture screen or save
attachments, while is easy to do it in tg desktop and web, on app
is not possible, with this new feature disabled by default, is
possible to save attachments and screen capture.
Screen capture remain prohibited on payment activity always, so
none can capture your credit card.

README.md, after:

# YATGram — Unofficial Telegram Messenger for Android
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/et-ness/YATGram/main/TMessagesProj/src/main/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi/ic_launcher.png) 
YATGram is a fork of the unofficial Telegram Fork Client

[![Build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/et-ness/YATGram/build.yml?branch=main&event=push&logo=github&label=Build)](https://github.com/et-ness/YATGram/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=event%3Apush+branch%3Amain+is%3Acompleted) [![Download](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/et-ness/YATGram?color=orange&logoColor=orange&label=Download&logo=DocuSign)](https://github.com/et-ness/YATGram/releases/latest) [![Total](https://shields.io/github/downloads/et-ness/YATGram/total?logo=Bookmeter&label=Counts&logoColor=yellow&color=yellow)](https://github.com/et-ness/YATGram/releases) [![TotalLatest](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/et-ness/YATGram/latest/total?label=Counts%20for%20latest&logo=Bookmeter)](https://github.com/et-ness/YATGram/releases/latest)

## Credits:
- [Forkgram/Fork Client](https://github.com/forkgram/TelegramAndroid) principal fork of this proect
- [Nekox](https://github.com/NekoX-Dev/NekoX) unlimited accounts, qrlogin and others
- [Nagram](https://github.com/NextAlone/Nagram) Improvements of nekox's patch
- [MercuryGram](https://github.com/drizzt/Mercurygram) some patches
- [Telegram-FOSS](https://github.com/Telegram-FOSS-Team/Telegram-FOSS) Base of Forkgram
- [Official Telegram](https://github.com/DrKLO/Telegram) All updates of Telegram Android

## Features:
- All features of ForkGram/Fork Client
- Unlimited acccounts*
- Fix of delete for everyone
- QR Login
- Changed order of buttons in Chat

<sub><sup>* Theoretically unlimited, but over 40 there are crashes in the app, if you want you can install version 2, same app with different package name. I don't think it will ever be useful to anyone.</sup></sub>

### Privacy Features:
- All features of ForkGram/Fork Client less show number in ProfileCell
